zoom is Cote go zoom is kotenko are the
exhibits the other explosive brutally
honest and absolutely knowledgeable but
the heck ooh your show display Milt
there aqua it may honest or exclusive
insights no guys it's only here on
pastry extreme hamari party sharty may
fit are a pastry hotshot or glamour
media keen third gun let's welcome
hamari apne pastry key big be semi chen
doke CB bought bought so i got the op
kappa a showman wow nice hindi and nice
welcome thank you should react okc have
milk will t so uh simply bought time
again couch excitement very quick party
but I a up did you attend q how do I did
go for an event that I kind of enjoyed
ache you know crystal jewelry cash otha
you know they were launching the new
collection tomar paper hot saree jewelry
the hot saree clutches say you know
imagine tiny purses in crystals and you
know it was it was quite nice and
achieve athithi ki hum no coffee fashion
weeks ago nomina fashion shows big dick
epigram so this was kind of different
you know the perk in the sense key a
cramped neethu boring sawed-off you know
class case it was the beauty here and it
depends on your status apaga betting
hearing a pitch a better here though her
co you know usually regular fashion
shows me a social tanky confront from a
better hair my second row me betta who
you know who's more important than me
and half the time doha egomania chala
jata hai mujh a front-row makonde kraja
llame para speech ever on tomo Jakande
cry and nobody's really looking at the
Fashion Show to be honest I mean a lot
of people don't but you have pain on his
system in pure bot change kar diya tha
pure lounge Jesse bonamassa ok and you
know you will literally it was like
imagine kisi buddy lounge me you know
like Casey but I say room major sicky
party hurry ho and what sorry couches
who and everybody was just sitting on
couches you know casually enjoying
themselves and you know having the
drinks and watching the show the ramps
ha but it was very unconventional way of
showcasing jewelry and you know
everything so that was very nice so was
it like inside a showroom or something
or Janie it was in a regular five-star
hotel bahahaha and
shree bathetic you know usually rams
with hawaii like them black you know
yeah p coffee different topic was a
junkie collection theatres inspired by
nature okay so they took all the colors
of flowers you know when they took lot
of pastel colors and so you didn't see
just boring black and whites on the ramp
or something you know it was totally
unconventional very colorful very nice
that's something new yeah so it was
different so you know mujhay jakafi
Messiah actually my hopper dosti I gotta
madhavi turkey a pod okita dengi up well
like I said with Yamato I have a hopper
and you know got to chat with a lot of
people and coffee dear Kiba three
socializing Vicki okay and i would give
it a 4 out of 10 okay for the simple
reason i mean i don't like to boast but
you know my artificial jewellery
pantheon you know my admirers a root
Kathy but easter by mazhar dungee 4 out
of 10 ok no there are real diamonds
worth 800 though i think which 10k
argument they party Scorpio misirlou
therapy but very nice designs very
pretty stuff but diamonds have to be
real or similar designs he bought carrot
who could style me up gangly a style
coffee serata it was a nice evening you
know affair though people came dressed
and it wasn't bad i would give it a 5 of
10 up could date sekuru you know it's
varied styles you know quite rescued
there was no such particular thing key a
lot of people have shown up in one color
or anything but a nice well dressed I
think people are looking forward to a
good event after a long time the fire of
10 this is me aapke earrings coffee
chammak raj like they were you been
kissing me it was taken here all right
does me attendance make it adding up
attendance me you know there were a few
film people who they hang her event me
you know and again you know check out
the footage and i think viewers will be
able to get the scores if they've been
watching our shows for so many weeks and
it's up you know coffee sorry looked a
lot of familiar faces though five out of
10 okay yeah that's nice